pydoc: add page (#10575)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/pydoc.md

# pydoc

> Display offline Python documentation.
> More information: <https://docs.python.org/3/library/pydoc.html>.

> - Print documentation for a subject:
> 
> `pydoc {{subject_name}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print documentation on a subject (Python keyword, topic, function, module, package, etc.):

`pydoc {{subject}}`
```

> - Start Python HTML documentation and automatically open it in [b]rowser:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start an HTTP server on an arbitrary unused port and open a [b]rowser to see the documentation:
```

> > Display offline python documentation.
> > More information: <https://docs.python.org/3/library/pydoc.html>.
> 
> - Display help:
> 
> `pydoc`
> 
> - Print documentation for a subject:
> 
> `pydoc {{subject_name}}`
> 
> - Start python HTML documentation and automatically open it in [b]rowser:
> 
> `pydoc -b`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Display offline Python documentation.
> More information: <https://docs.python.org/3/library/pydoc.html>.

- Print documentation for a subject:

`pydoc {{subject_name}}`

- Start Python HTML documentation and automatically open it in [b]rowser:

`pydoc -b`

- Display help:

`pydoc`
```
